As long as single-sided machining is not activated, you can only mount the Rastex/Cabineo if you have a vertical panel and a horizontal panel that abut against each other.
Pull the Rastex/Cabineo onto the joint edge that is to receive the Rastex/Cabineo.
In the template window you will find further settings to optimise your machining.

Count:
Enter the desired number of Rastex/Cabineo.
Step Max.:
Specify the maximum step between the Rastex/Cabineo.
You have the option of either specifying the number of Rastex/Cabineo or specifying a maximum step at which the Rastex/Cabineo should be spaced.
To do this, click on the symbol on the far right of the line.
Distances:
Specify the distance of the first and/or last Rastex/Cabineo in mm.
Click on the symbol on the right-hand side of the line to set the distances between the Rastex/Cabineo, either to a fixed value in mm or divided into the spaces.
Housing Hole:
You can specify the desired values for machining the housing in the drop-down menu.
Second Housing Hole:
Set the hook to add a second hole for the Rastex/Cabineo housing machining.
In the drop-down menu, you can adjust the machining of the second drill hole to the desired values.
Third Housing Hole:
Set the hook to add a third hole for the Rastex/Cabineo housing machining.
In the drop-down menu, you can adjust the machining of the third drill hole to the desired values.
Pocket for Cover Caps:
Use the hook to add a pocket milling to the housing for the cover cap.
In the drop-down menu, you can adjust the machining of the pocket to the desired values.
Housing Side:
Tick the box to change the housing opening side.
Bolt:
You can specify the desired values for the bolt machining in the drop-down menu.
Connection Area:
SmartWOP shows you the connection area of the currently selected connection.
Fitting:
Select a prefabricated fitting (Rastex/Cabineo) for the connectors to add them to the material list.
The machining of the connectors is related to the fitting profiles, so that the machining is automatically added when the fitting is selected.
If you have not yet created any fitting profiles, enter the supplier and the article numbers, so that these can be included in the material list.