As long as single-sided machining is not activated, you can only mount the Lamello/Clamex when two panels are directly next to each other.
Lamello/Clamex machining can be used in all connection options.
The angle at which the items are positioned in relation to each other is irrelevant for inserting the Lamello/Clamex.
Drag the Lamello/Clamex onto the area that is to receive the connection.
In the template window you will find further settings to optimise your machining.

Count:
Enter the desired number of Lamello/Clamex.
Step Max.:
Specify the maximum distance between the Lamello/Clamex.
You have the option of either specifying the number of Lamello/Clamex or specifying a maximum step at which the Lamello/Clamex should be spaced.
To do this, click on the symbol on the far right of the line.
Distances:
Enter the distances of the first and/or Lamello/Clamex in mm.
Click on the symbol on the right-hand side of the line to set the distances between the Lamello/Clamex, either to a fixed value in mm or divided into the spaces.
Lamello/Clamex
In the drop-down menu, you have the option of customising the machining of the Lamello/Clamex.
Align Center:
Set the hook to align the lamello/clamex to the center.
If you remove the tick, you have the option of specifying the dimension of the Lamello/Clamex center point under the selection box.
Change the reference edge for calculating the dimension by clicking on the arrow on the right-hand side of the line.
Machining Main:
In the drop-down menu, you have the option of specifying how the machining of the Lamello/Clamex is to be carried out in the workpiece surface.
If you have a specific tool on the machine for Lamello/Clamex machining, you can store it in the options.
Machining Edge:
In the drop-down menu, you have the option of specifying how the machining of the Lamello/Clamex is to be carried out in the workpiece edge.
If you have a specific tool on the machine for Lamello/Clamex machining, you can store it in the options.
Tool Opening:
Tick the box if you want the Lamello/Clamex/Divario machining to have a tool opening.
In the drop-down menu, you have the option of customising the machining of the tool opening and selecting the opening side.
Connection Area:
SmartWOP shows you the connection area of the currently selected connection.
Fitting:
Select a prefabricated fitting (Lamello/Clamex) for the connectors to add them to the material list.
The machining of the Lamello/Clamex is related to the fitting profiles, so that the machining is automatically added when the fitting is selected.
If you have not yet created any fitting profiles, enter the supplier and the article numbers, so that these can be included in the material list.