As long as single-sided machining is not activated, you can only pull on the Double Eccentrics/Dowels when two panels butt against each other with the edges.
It is taken into account that if there is another panel between the joint edges, the machining of the double Eccentrics/Dowels is machined into the panel that separates the two joint edges.
Pull the double Eccentrics/Dowels onto the joint edge that is to receive the connection.
In the template window you will find further settings to optimise your machining.

Count:
Enter the desired amount of double connectors.
Step Max.:
Specify the maximum spacing between the double connectors.
You have the option of either specifying the number of double connectors or specifying a maximum step at which the double connectors should be placed.
To do this, click on the symbol on the far right of the line.
Distances:
Specify the distances of the first and/or last double connector in mm.
Click on the symbol on the right-hand side of the line to set the distances between the double connectors, either to a fixed value in mm or divided into the spaces.
Housing Hole:
In the drop-down menu, you have the option of customising the machining for the housing.
Housing Side:
Tick the box to change the housing opening side.
Bolt:
You can specify the desired values for machining the bolts in the drop-down menu.

Count:
Enter the desired number of the Dowels.
Step Max.:
Specify the maximum step between the Dowels.
You have the option of either specifying the number of Dowels or specifying a maximum step at which the Dowels should be spaced.
To do this, click on the symbol on the far right of the line.
Distances:
Specify the distance of the first and/or Dowels in mm.
Click on the symbol on the right-hand side of the line to set the distances between the Screw, either to a fixed value in mm or divided into the spaces.
Align Center:
Set the hook if the dowel is to be machined in the center of the edge.
If you remove the tick, you have the option of specifying the dimension to the dowel center point under the selection box.
Change the reference edge for calculating the dimension by clicking on the arrow on the right-hand side of the line.
Face Bore Depth:
Specify the depth for machining the dowel into the surface of the panel.
Bear in mind that the dowel cannot be inserted if the depth of the facebore is deeper than the thickness of the workpiece.
Dowel:
In the drop-down menu, you have the option of customising the dowel processing as required.
Call Dowel Component:
Tick the box if you want to carry out your dowel processing with a WoodWOP component.
In the drop-down menu of the dowel component, you must enter the path of the component if you are working with a dowel component.
You can select the component using the three dots on the right-hand side of the line.
Tick the box to embed the component if this component is not stored on your machine.
Connection Area:
SmartWOP shows you the connection area of the currently selected connection.
Fitting:
Select a prefabricated fitting (Double Eccentrics/Dowels) for the connectors to add them to the material list.
The machining of the connectors is related to the fitting profiles, so that the machining is automatically added when the fitting is selected.
If you have not yet created any fitting profiles, enter the supplier and the article numbers, so that these can be included in the material list.