To insert an angle fitting into your construction, you need an item to which you can attach the angle fitting.
Select the desired angle fitting and drag it into your construction.
In the template window you have the possibility to make adjustments to the fitting.

Supplier:
Specify the supplier of the fitting.
Select an already created supplier via the dropdown selection.
Delete the supplier entered in the line from your list by clicking on the X symbol in the line.
Article:
Specify the article number of the fitting.
Count:
Specify the number of angle fittings required.
Step (max.):
Specify a dimension at which distances the angle fittings should be at maximum.
You have the possibility to specify either the number of angle brackets or a maximum step at which the angle brackets should be spaced.
Top Distance:
Enter the distance of the upper angle bracket from the outer edge of the item to the angle fitting.
Bottom Distance:
Enter the distance of the lower angle bracket from the outer edge of the item to the angle fitting.
On the right side of the line you have the possibility to lock the distances of your angle fitting by clicking on the lock symbol, in order to always set the distances of the angle fitting to a fixed value of top/bottom, even when saving the construction as a component.
Positions:
Specify the positions of the respective angle brackets.
Distance to Edge:
Specify the distance of the fitting from the edge of the item.
Consider the distance to the edge of the workpiece when mounting an angle fitting e.g. on a back panel that is grooved in other workpieces.
Edge:
In the drop-down menu you have the option to select the reference edge for the angle fitting.
Keep in mind that depending on the reference edge, the distances may not be correct and the angle fitting may therefore be outside the volume.
The Selected reference edge determines in which direction the angle fitting runs and specifies the calculation points for the fitting.
Top Side/Bottom Side:
Check the box if you want to change the processing side of the fitting.
Switch Arms:
Set the check mark if you want to exchange the angle arms.
Mirror:
Check the box if you want to mirror the fitting on the opposite side.
Additional Info:
Specify additional information that you want to add to the fitting on the material list.