To add a pot hinge to your construction, you need a door that you can put the pot hinge on.
Select the desired pot hinge and drag it into your design.
In the template window you have the possibility to make adjustments to the fitting.

supplier:
Specify the supplier of the fitting.
Select an already created supplier via the dropdown selection.
Delete the supplier entered in the line from your list by clicking on the X symbol in the line.
Article:
Specify the article number of the fitting.
Mounting plate:
Use the drop-down selection on the right of the line to select the mounting plate.
Activate the filter function to automatically select the mounting plate based on the set adjustments.
Deactivate the filter function to specify the selection of the mounting plate yourself.
Count:
Specify the number of pot hinges.
Step (max.):
Specify a dimension at which distances the hinges should be located at maximum.
You have the option of either specifying the number of pot hinges or specifying a maximum step at which the pot hinges should be spaced.
To do this, click on the icon on the far right in the line.
Top Distance:
Specify the desired distance of the upper pot hinge.
Bottom Distance:
Specify the desired distance of the lower pot hinge.
Positions:
In the drop-down menu you have the possibility to determine the positions of the individual pot hinges.
Cup Distance:
Specify the desired pot hole spacing for the fitting.
Alignment:
Select on which side the pot hinge is to be attached.
Bind outer to Shelf Bores:
Tick the box to orient the upper and lower pot hinge, for mounting plate machining, directly to the system hole line.
The outer pot hinges are set on the next possible system hole line machining, the positions are assigned to the fitting..
Bind inner to Shelf Bores:
Set the hook to orient the middle pot hinges, for the mounting plate machining, directly to the system hole line..
The middle pot hinges are set on the next possible system hole line machining, the positions are assigned to the fitting..