Icon:
Click on the dots in the line to open the selection menu.
Select an image stored on your computer for the icon of the fitting.
Supplier:
Specify the supplier of the fitting.
Select an already created supplier via the dropdown selection.
Delete the supplier entered in the line from your list by clicking on the X symbol in the line.
Article.:
Enter the article number of the drawer system.
Space Bottom Indent:
Specify the lower distance of the frame to the solid being calculated.
Panel Generation:
In the drop-down menu of the workpiece setting you have further settings to output the drawer interior parts suitable for the fitting.
Default Depth:
Specify the standard depth of the drawer system.
Material:
Specify the material from which the drawer interiors are to be made.
Select a material from your material database via the arrow on the right side of the line.
Rail Width:
Specify the installation clearance of the fitting.
The installation clearance is calculated from each side.
Limit Distance from Bottom:
Check the box if you want to limit your frame height from the center point of the drawer.
Distance to Bottom:
Specify how deep the frame should run from the center of the pullout.
Keep in mind that if you want to determine the frame height via the boundary, the frame displacement in height should be set to 0.
Additional Info:
Specify additional information that you want to automatically assign to the fitting.

Switch to machining mode while creating the fitting to add or remove machining to the fitting.
When you have added the appropriate hole pattern to the fitting, switch back to the fitting mode.
Confirm your self-defined fitting by clicking on the orange arrow in the drop-down menu of the fitting selection bar.

Switch to machining mode while creating the fitting to add or remove machining to the fitting.
When you have added the appropriate hole pattern to the fitting, switch back to the fitting mode.
Confirm your self-defined fitting by clicking on the orange arrow in the drop-down menu of the fitting selection bar.