Icon:
Click on the dots in the line to open the selection menu.
Select an image stored on your computer for the icon of the fitting..
Supplier:
Indicate the supplier of the fitting.
Select an already created supplier via the drop-down selection.
Click on the X symbol in the line to delete the supplier entered in the line from your list.
Article:
Enter the article number of the handle.
Style:
Use the arrow on the right of the line to select whether the self-defined handle is a standard handle or a profile handle.
Import Profile:
Define your own handle profile in the editor and import it to SmartWOP.
Import:
You have the option of importing already defined standard handles as a .VRML file.
Fittings imported as .VRML files already contain the drilling patterns of the fitting.
Position:
Open the drop-down menu to position the .VRML imported fittings.
Offset:
Open the drop-down menu to move the imported fitting in the X/Y/Z axis.
Rotation:
Open the drop-down menu to rotate the imported fitting in the X/Y/Z axis.
Horizontal Distance:
SmartWOP shows you what the horizontal distance of the handle to the item is.
Vertical Distance:
SmartWOP shows you what the horizontal distance of the handle to the item is.
Horizontal Align:
SmartWOP shows you how the handle is aligned when you create it, horizontally.
Vertical Align:
SmartWOP shows you how the handle is aligned when you create it, in the vertical position.
Absolute Position:
SmartWOP shows you the absolute position of the handle when creating the fitting.
Additional Info:
Specify additional information that you want to automatically assign to the fitting.

Switch to machining mode while machining the fitting to add or remove machining to the fitting.
When you have added the appropriate drilling pattern to the fitting, switch back to the fitting mode.
Confirm your machining using the orange arrow in the drop-down menu of the fitting selection bar.

Switch to machining mode while machining the fitting to add or remove machining to the fitting.
When you have added the appropriate drilling pattern to the fitting, switch back to the fitting mode.
Confirm your machining using the orange arrow in the drop-down menu of the fitting selection bar.