Icon:
Click on the dots in the line to open the selection menu.
Select an image stored on your computer for the icon of the fitting.
Supplier:
Specify the supplier of the fitting.
Select an already listed supplier via the dropdown selection.
Delete the supplier entered in the line from your list by clicking on the X symbol in the line..
Article Nr.:
Enter the article number of the handle.
Handle Style:
Use the arrow on the right of the line to select whether the self-defined handle is a standard handle or a profile handle.
Import Profile:
Define your own handle profile in the editor and import it to SmartWOP.
Import:
You have the possibility to import already ready defined standard handles as .VRML file.
Fittings imported as .VRML file, already contain the fitting's drilling patterns.
Positioning:
Open the drop-down menu to position the .VRML imported fittings.
Position:
Open the drop-down menu to move the imported fitting in X/Y/Z axis.
Rotate:
Open the drop-down menu to rotate the imported fitting in X/Y/Z axis.
Horizontal Distance:
SmartWOP shows you how large the horizontal distance of the handle to the outer edge of the front is.
Vertical Distance:
SmartWOP shows you how large the vertical distance of the handle to the front is.
Horizontal Align:
SmartWOP shows you how the handle is aligned when you create it, in the horizontal position..
Vertical Align:
SmartWOP shows you how the handle is aligned when you create it, in the vertical position.
Absolute Position:
SmartWOP shows you the absolute position of the handle when creating the fitting.
Additional Info:
Specify additional information that you want to automatically assign to the fitting.

Switch to edit mode while editing the fitting to add or remove machining to the fitting.
When you have added the appropriate drilling pattern to the fitting, switch back to the fitting mode.
Confirm your edited fitting by clicking on the orange arrow in the drop-down menu of the fitting selection bar.

Switch to edit mode while editing the fitting to add or remove machining to the fitting.
When you have added the appropriate drilling pattern to the fitting, switch back to the fitting mode.
Confirm your edited fitting by clicking on the orange arrow in the drop-down menu of the fitting selection bar.