To insert a hinge into your construction, you need a door that you can pull the hinge onto.
Select the desired hinge and drag it into your construction.
In the template window, you have the option of making adjustments to the fitting.

Supplier:
Indicate the supplier of the fitting.
Select an already created supplier via the drop-down selection.
Click on the X symbol in the line to delete the supplier entered in the line from your list.
Article:
Enter the article number of the fitting.
Mounting Plate:
Select the mounting plate via the drop-down selection on the right of the line.
Activate the filter function to automatically select the mounting plate based on the set adjustments.
Deactivate the filter function to determine the selection of the mounting plate itself.
Count:
Specify the count of the hinges.
Step (max.):
Enter a measurement of the maximum distance in between the hinges.
You have the option of either setting the count of your hinges or setting a maximum step in which the hinges should be placed.
To do this, click on the symbol on the far right of the line.
Top Distance:
Specify the desired distance of the upper hinge.
Bottom Distance:
Specify the desired distance of the lower hinge.
Positions:
In the drop-down menu you have the option of determining the positions of the individual hinges.
Cup Distance:
Specify the desired cup hole spacing for the fitting.
Align:
Select on which side the hinge is to be attached.
Bind outer to Shelf Bores:
Set the hook to orientate the upper and lower hinge, for mounting plate machining, directly to the system holes.
The outer hinges are set on the next possible system holes machining of the positions entered in the fitting template.
Bind inner to Shelf Bores:
Set the hook to orientate the inner hinges, for mounting plate machining, directly to the system holes.
The inner hinges are set on the next possible system holes machining of the positions entered in the fitting template.
Additional Info:
Specify additional information that you want to automatically assign to the fitting.