Activate the button to open the Export Tuning.
In the Export Tuning submenu we have the option of displaying or hiding a virtual machine table.
Select an item that you want to machine using Export Tuning or export to the WOP environment.
In the template window you will find further options for optimizing your workpiece.

Panel:
Select whether the workpiece is to be made from an unformatted raw plate or an already formatted prefabricated plate.
Formatting Type:
Select how to format.
Machinings  Before Formatting:
Check the box if formatting is to be done after machining.
Non-Rectangular Cuts After Formatting:
Place a tick if the diagonal cuts or chamfering is to be made after the edge processing.
Stage Order:
Select whether the workpiece should receive the edge before or after machining.
Sides Order:
Specify whether the outer/inner side of the workpiece is to be machined first.
Merge Export Programs:
Specify how the programs of the editing sides are to be exported.
Using Mirrors:
Select whether the workpiece to be machined on both sides is to be machined on the mirrored workplace in the second side machining.
Use NC Stop:
Select whether the workpiece to be machined on both sides is to be machined by NC stop in the second side machining in the same program.
Two Plates, Using Mirrors:
Dont´t Merge:
Select whether the workpiece to be machined on both sides is to be machined in the second side machining in a separate programs.
Auto PLace:
Place a tick if the workpiece is to be positioned as in the option setting. Remove the tick if you want to change the positioning manually.
Use retractable stop bold:
Set a check mark if you use fold-out fences for machining the workpiece.
Formatting Prod. Part Offset:
Specify the desired production part offset dimension, of the workpiece when formatting on the machine.
Stage 1:
SmartWOP shows you how and in which order the processing steps are carried out.
Tool Numbers:
Specify a desired tool number for machining for the selected workpiece. If you do not make any changes, the tools from the option setting are used.
Profile:
Change settings in your WOP environment by duplicating the design and making changes in the duplicate.
It is important that you create a duplicate, as the pattern is reset to default after each update to avoid potential errors.
Machine Set-UP Configuration:
Select on which machine the workpiece is to be machined.